ah
to
very good two androids that such as
you are today I bring you a video of the channel
this time a tutorial that I think more than
one will serve you especially for the
people who want to participate more in the
channel is worth in the series that I have
example the top looting then from
now with this video that I'm going to solve
many doubts and more than one may already
finally get to download the bus
taxi can record with the singer and everything
the all is worth
they all put me in the description of how
download the current blues of you have a
link that is easy enough only
you have to direct them in it and once
that is the link 65 seconds directly
is bar will direct to what a
link called bluestacks is worth what
downloads and installation without it is still
plans to try looking for other files
but this has to be compatible with
all of you I know with all of our
computers and once you have it
downloaded the initials is valid and you will have
this is valid because this works
application that this is an emulator of
Android is worth to configure our
google play accounts do not know that united
charge once you have this you will say
mark and andrew betts you have this
on but how are you going to record if not
you have no screenshot then
it's very easy and very simple as you know
Well, you sing, it's already a video editor
it's worth one of those that I use and have a
option called record
screen is worth it be here then
whenever we owe there for example a
once we are given then now how am I
speaking it is clear that I will not leave
okay but once we're recording the
screen we can go to what is the
blues theme tags and select this
part of here is worth everything select
from this point to this point
then when we are recording then
we will record and we will have what is
the screen recording is worth and that
we understand all this that is a file
and we have to render this file
here it's worth then then we'll have
others we have this video we have saved
what is this video that is doing
Well , the area
or anything and it works quite well and the
truth is that it is highly recommended for
people who do not want to use an emulator or
a screen or air editor
video whatever it is because it's being
it is totally easy and simple and not
there is no type of complication then
I repeat the steps to download the
eurostoxx is worth the engine
you will have here that you have it in the
description of how to download it and
You will have to download the
field since it's so easy bye bye
new youtube with which that is illegal
ok because it's piracy in exchange for
BlueStacks so it is in no free
there is no subject job you have the vostok
you do this where to that record of
scream you give in recording the screen and
is already with 3 watching, so I have giving
the computer screen right now
part of the tutorial, because not everything
you have to do is record the theme of the
boys game
you have many more complications this what
I do because a lot of people wanted to go out in
the top looting and do not know how to do it
not look at me the videos or step to go
village by village copying the booties a
burra of time on the planet etc and the
You can see these guys a lot
So far the video tutorial is
enough that you will spend it then
your friends because there sure is
More than a friend
I want some booty he has made for
send it both my channel and that of
álvaro and the truth is that in this video
you can get it done and without spending
no hard bone and be able to spend them
capturing mobile on the cat is
It costs 180 payments. I'm doing this.
totally free there is no
complication and that ex better method than
there are guys is the remaining state a life
favorites also put comments that
is the video not resolved a greeting no
forget sighs loose to day chao